# Technical Steering Committee Onboarding Guide

You're either here because you are interested in being on the TSC one day or because you were
recently elected, either way: Thank You! We appreciate the interest and your desire to volunteer to
help steer this big wonderful project!

Below is an outline of what you need to know about the duties of a Technical Steering Committee
member.

## After the Election

Once the most recent TSC election results are in, it is time to start organizing the committee for
the next cycle.

The first step for the pre-existing TSC members is to approve the patch prepared by the election
officials to update the TSC roster. This looks something like this:
<https://github.com/open-v2x/governance/pull/1>

After the patch is merged, the TSC is officially seated and we need to select a chair. If you are
interested in being chair (see also [chair.md](chair.md) in the governance repository) and propose a
patch on reference/members.yaml to change your role: to chair. These chair nomination patches should
be proposed within two weeks of the new members being seated.

After the chair is designated, candidates for vice chair should propose their candidacies within the
week after the chair is seated. The candidate needs to propose a patch to add a vice-chair in
reference/members.yaml.

## General Info

Joining the TSC can seem a little daunting, especially when you may already have responsibilities in
a project team, SIG, or group. A large part of being on the TSC is active communication to ensure
each member is up-to-date on what's being discussed, issues that may have arisen, and what's coming
up.

## Communication

As a TSC member, we have two primary ways of communicating.

- Email

  Take a moment to ensure that your email filters are configured to ensure you see any messages on
  the mailing list(**ML**) with the '[tc]' topic tag.

- WeChat(weixin) Group

  We are using WeChat group for TSC discussions, & will talk about the IM channel changing things
  till other communication channels(IRC/Slack etc) being ready.

## Duties

In general, being a member of the Technical Steering Committee is as much work as you are willing to
dedicate time to it. That said, there are some 'bare-minimums' you should be meeting.

Be Present on ML and IM

As discussed above, communication is incredibly important. As a team, you want to make sure
questions from the community in IM(WeChat/IRC/Slack) and on the ML(mailing list) don't go
unanswered.

## Meetings

Attend the Technical Steering Committee meetings (assuming your timezone allows). **The TSC has
meetings every Thursday**; check Eavesdrop. To hold the meeting we must meet quorum, so it's
important that you attend as many as possible. If you have topics that should be discussed at the
meeting, they should be sent to the chair or vice-chair to be included in the agenda. The agenda
should also be publicized to online-document platform to encourage community involvement.

## Governance Core Duties

Book time on your calendar for reviewing open patches in the TSC Repos. As a TSC member, you are a
primary maintainer (a core member in OpenV2X terms) of all the TSC repos. Even if you have already
done a review of the patch, there might have been other progress that you should familiarize
yourself with and stay up to date on.

## TSC Interactions with Other Governing Bodies

It's encouraged that you attend Board of Directors meetings wherever possible. There are a variety
of topics that often come up that the TSC should be weighing in on. Sometimes there are face to face
meetings as well where your attendance is encouraged.
